Ximomo really said so
Right.
What do you mean by that?
Ah!
The person who ordered him to poison is your old friend
A word of advice
Hugh speculated wildly
If you don't say it, don't say it
I'm too lazy to bother with your family's gossip
What I won't tell you
Now you are talking more and more indiscreet
What are you doing?
Oops sleep
Tormented for so long
How can you not sleep?
Oh, lean over there.
Ah, the Supreme Emperor has not woken up yet
The father has not made a decision yet.
You still have the mind to sleep
How can you not sleep?
The sky is falling and someone is holding it
Don't worry, open mouth
A woman with a big heart
It's a miracle to be alive today
Yeah. It's a miracle that I survived to this day.
If I were beaten to death by the prince
There won't be so much trouble
I have nothing to say to you about sleeping
Princess
The king is just afraid that you will fall
Why are you taking advantage of me?
Dead man, wait for this king
Eunuch
What happened in such a hurry?
The emperor is awake
Where is Princess Xuan?
It hurts to death, forget the damn Yuan Qinglian
Brother Hao, let me help you
What are you doing here?